fix: remove defaultProps from function components (#4904)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

# 6.1.3

## @rjsf/antd

- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `AltDateTimeWidget` and `AltDateWidget` components, preserving all existing behavior ([#4904](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/4904))

## @rjsf/chakra-ui

- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `AltDateTimeWidget` and `AltDateWidget` components, preserving all existing behavior ([#4904](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/4904))

## @rjsf/core

> - Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `TextareaWidget` component, preserving all existing behavior ([#4904](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/4904))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `AltDateTimeWidget` and `AltDateWidget` components, preserving all existing behavior

## @rjsf/chakra-ui

- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `AltDateTimeWidget` and `AltDateWidget` components, preserving all existing behavior

## @rjsf/core

- Removed deprecated `defaultProps` from `TextareaWidget` component, preserving all existing behavior
```
